Mr. Shen's true identity is to testify for the country
500 years of the Great Wall of Sword Qi
A man led his army against the Western gods
To create a forbidden place for the gods to stop
We are called
Jade Emperor Daojun
The Buddhist Hall Alliance pays homage to Dao Dong Yun
It turned out that we had always blamed Shen Rong wrongly
The identity of his Taoist lord
And everything he said before was true
It turned out that I was the funniest one
I'm leaving after today
You must live well
Get up, thank you Daojun
Impossible how could he be a prop
Who is the prop?
I am a prop
I'm not a father
Haha, I'm not born.
I'm not born
I should insult Daojun
Give me the world
Oh, alchemy in heaven and earth is worthy of being a Taoist lord
Strength is indeed immeasurable
I didn't expect this old man to see this scene
ridiculous
I wanted him to be my personal doctor before
Xiaorong, what are you doing?
today
My cultivation realm has reached unparalleled in the world
Will rise to immortality
Leave this place forever